---
title: " 万能模块 "
date: " 2025-07-20 "
tags:
    - 待定
---
## 健康  
逃离压力，梦游仙境
<mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">offer</mark> an escape form everyday life, allowing you to immerse yourself in a completely different world 
<mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">provide</mark> a temporary break form daily worries and stress  

忘忧  
<mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">forget about</mark> the pressure for a while  

解压  
is a great stress reliever  

都市喧嚣
hustle and bustle  
Spending time in the nature can be a way to relax and unwind, a break from the hustle and bustle.
Reading paper books is still a choice for many people looking for a unique way to <mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">relax and unwind</mark>, <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">offering a pleasant change from the hustle and bustle of everyday life</mark>.  

Young people often eat ready-make meals, takeaway food, or processed food, which contain additives /ˈædətɪv/, preservatives /prɪˈzɜːvətɪv/ 防腐剂.  
a balanced and nutritious diet  

a plant based diet that can reduce the risk of chronic disease and improve overall well-being. 
become more <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">self-sufficient</mark> and encourages healthy eating habits.

find inner peace  
release dopamine  
improve mood and reduct stress  
contributing to mental health  

boost the immune system 增强免疫  
strengthen cardiovascular system 增强心肺功能  
health consicous / maintain overall haalth  

## 金钱  
The public transport system is designed to be <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">cost-effective</mark>, catering to those on tight budgets. 
- cater to 迎合 

<mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">Upgrading technology</mark> can be time efficient and boost productivity.  

天价
Luxury items can <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">cost you an arm and a leg</mark>, making them un-affordable for those on tight budgets.  
天上不掉馅饼
Teaching children to save money is important because <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">money doesn't grow on trees</mark>.  

Many people overspend on credit cards because they seek <mark style="background: #D2B3FFA6;">instant gratification</mark>, buying things they can't afford and paying them later.  

Companies use advertisements to boost sales and generate revenue.
## 人际  
strengthen the bond  
更融入圈子
feel more connected to their social networks  
从社交角度  
From a social angle  
维持形象和时尚  
the desire to keep up with trends and maintain a certain image can drive people to   


## 环保  
## 科技  
## 学习  
## 文化  
